# TEI-XML_assignment_1

My chosen materials are three letters which come from the book _Persian Letters_ written in 1721 by the French author Montesquieu. This epistolary novel presents the correspondence between two Persian characters, Usbek and Rica, and their respective families and friends who still live in Persia. Adopting an exterior point of view is a way for the author to criticize the French society of his time, at the end of Louis XV's reign, through various subjects, such as politics, philosophy or religion. The first extract I chose is the letter thirteen, in which Rica depicts the curiosity of the Parisians who meet him, that is due to his appearance and origins. In the second extract, the letter thirty-seven of the book, Usbek describes the king of France, and in the last extract I chose (letter seventy-three), Rica makes a satire of the French Academy. 
I have chosen these letters because I studied the novel previously and I really enjoyed it. This work permits me to mix my taste for literature and my interest for history, more particularly the eighteenth century. I also selected these texts because I was attracted by their form which, according to me, may be particularly in keeping with an XML work. These three letters seem quite similar and have the same length, so I thought that they were adapted to this exercise. 
XML will be very useful to structure and this project because these letters are particularly descriptive. Indeed, the descriptions are very developed, containing lots of proper nouns, place names, and other elements that can be analyzed thanks to a detailed encoding work. 

Not gen IA was used in this assignment. 
